== Component basics ==
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Title'''
| Give the component a name.
|-
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Description'''
| Briefly explain what the component does, e.g., "An avatar is an image that represents a user or entity."
|-
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Anatomy diagram'''
| Type /image to upload a diagram of the component with numbered callouts. Use the basic version of the component and make sure the example has good copy.
|-
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Key to anatomy diagram'''
| 
# Define each of the numbered callouts in your anatomy diagram.
# ...
|}

== Specifications ==
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
! style="background-color:#e6fcff;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Usage'''
| Give an overview of the component and how it's used, e.g., "Use avatars to identify a user or entity in a product. Typically, users will upload their own image, but they may also stick to the default image."
|-
! style="background-color:#e6fcff;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Variations'''
| Provide examples for standard variations that appear in your product. If possible, these examples should be created with live code from your design system's repo.
|-
! style="background-color:#e6fcff;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Behavior'''
| Describe how the component behaves in different contexts.
|-
! style="background-color:#e6fcff;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Style'''
| 
* Describe how the component should be styled, visually. Include information about alignment, padding, etc., as well as "do" and "don't" examples.
* ...
|}

== Additional guidance ==
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
! style="background-color:#fffae6;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Content'''
| 
* Provide component-specific guidance on content, such as punctuation rules, standard labels, etc.
* ...
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Accessibility'''
| 
* Provide component-specific best practices for accessibility.
* ...
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Mobile'''
| 
* Provide guidance on how to apply this component in mobile environments.
* ...
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Best practices'''
| 
* If there are industry standards for this component, list them in this section. Include "do" and "don't" examples to illustrate each point.
* ...
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;vertical-align:middle;text-align:left;width:150px;" |'''Related'''
| 
* List related components or patterns. Include links whenever possible.
* ...
|}