==Incident overview==
{| class="wikitable"
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Postmortem owner'''
|@ mention the owner
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Incident'''
|Type /link to add a ticket
|-
!'''Related incidents'''
|Type /link to add related tickets
|-
!'''Priority'''
|P1 / P2 / P3+
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Affected services'''
|e.g., Billing applications
|-
!'''Incident date'''
|Type // to add start and end dates
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Incident duration'''
|e.g., 39 minutes
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Incident response teams'''
|e.g., Application support
|-
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Incident responders'''
|@ responders
|}

==Executive summary==
Summarize the incident in a few sentences and include its severity, duration, and causes.

==Postmortem report==
{| class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Instructions'''
! style="background-color:#fffae6;" |'''Report'''
|-
|
=====Leadup=====
List the sequence of events that led to the incident.
|You can @ mention team members, attach files, and type / to add elements or share relevant data.
|-
|
=====Fault=====
Describe what didn't work as expected. If available, include relevant data visualizations.
|
|-
|
=====Impact=====
Describe how internal and external users were impacted during the incident. Include how many support cases were raised.
|
|-
|
=====Detection=====
Report when the team detected the incident and how they knew it was happening. Describe how the team could've improved time to detection.
|
|-
|
=====Response=====
Report who responded to the incident and describe what they did at what times. Include any delays or obstacles to responding.
|
|-
|
=====Recovery=====
Report how the user impact was mitigated and when the incident was deemed resolved. Describe how the team could've improved time to mitigation.
|
|-
|
=====Five whys root cause identification=====
Run an analysis to understand the true causes of the incident.
|
|-
|
=====Related records=====
Check if any past incidents could've had the same root cause. Note what mitigation was attempted in those incidents and ask why this incident occurred again.
|
|-
|
=====Lessons learned=====
Describe what you learned, what went well, and how you can improve.
|
|}

==Incident timeline==
Detail the incident using UTC to standardize for timezones. Include lead-up events, post-impact events, and any decisions or changes made. If you have Opsgenie, type /opsgenie to add an incident timeline.

==Follow-up tasks==
List the issues created to prevent this class of incident in the future.
{| class="wikitable"
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;" |'''Issue'''
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;" |'''Owner'''
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;" |'''Action items'''
! style="background-color:#e3fcef;" |'''Documentation'''
|-
|
|@ owner
|
|Type /link to add a ticket
|-
|
|
|
|
|-
|
|
|
|
|}